Added note about overwritten .htaccess file (#545)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/troubleshooting/general_troubleshooting.adoc

virtual host configuration, or the `.htaccess` file in your document
root.

> NOTE: Please keep in mind that the `.htaccess` file in the ownCloud directory will be overwritten on update.
> So if you place the changes in there you need to ensure to add the entries again after an update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Please keep in mind that the `.htaccess` file in the ownCloud directory will be overwritten on update. Post upgrading ownCloud, you need to manually restore these changes. See the section xref:maintenance/upgrading/manual_upgrade.adoc#backup-manual-changes-in-htaccess[Backup Manual Changes in .htaccess] for details.
```
